His factory has been busy working overtime recently
Hey brother, I have something to tell you.
Why do you want to ride a Porsche again?
If I want to bully you
You definitely won't let
All right.
It's getting bigger.
Okay, let's get down to business
Recently, I plan to buy a live game
Let you be the spokesperson for the game
Game spokesperson
This game will definitely be a hit in the future
And you can take advantage of that.
Enter the entertainment industry with the most beautiful attitude
Oh, you're so kind to me.
What you said is true.
Looking back to bidding for Akto's game appreciation
Absolutely.
I heard it from my relatives and friends at Akto Company.
Please help me contact this company.
I also want to participate in the game
I must see Young Master Lei this time
You just said you want to participate in the game bidding.
The salary of the participants is not enough.
Trash sells everything that should be sold
This is my family's last chance
Yes
You must seize the opportunity to join Mr. Ghost Hand
Lu Yao
Shi Yaxian
Just wait to die
Lu Yao